README.md, before:

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/clappr.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/clappr)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/clappr/clappr.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/clappr/clappr)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/clappr/clappr.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/clappr/clappr)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/clappr/clappr/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/clappr/clappr?branch=master)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3--Clause-blue.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3--Clause-blue.svg)
<div align=center>
<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/244265/6373134/a845eb50-bce7-11e4-80f2-592ba29972ab.png"><br><br>
<img src="https://i.cloudup.com/GSbXxvCsBK.png">
</div>

### Using the Player

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/clappr/clappr](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/clappr/clappr?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Add the following script on your HTML:
```html
<head>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/clappr/latest/clappr.min.js"></script>
</head>
```
Now, create the player:
```html
<body>
  <div id="player"></div>
  <script>
    var player = new Clappr.Player({source: "http://your.video/here.mp4", parentId: "#player"});
  </script>
</body>
```

## Supported Formats

Format         |HLS|MP4|MP3|WEBM| DASH | RTMP | JPG/PNG/GIF |
---------------|---|---|---|----|------|------|-------------|
IE10           | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ✘ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
IE11           | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
Microsoft Edge | ✔ | ✔ | ? |  ? | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ? | ?
Firefox        | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✔ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
Chrome         | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✔ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
Safari         | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
iPhone         | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ✘ | ✘ | ✔
iPad           | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ✘ | ✘ | ✔
Android        | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✘ | ✔
WiiU Browser   | ✔ | ✔ | ✘ |  ? | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✘ | ✔
PS4 Browser    | ✔ | ✔ | ✘ |  ? | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✘ | ✔

![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) means that the support is made by an external plugin.

## CDN

You can use the latest published version at `https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/clappr/latest/clappr.min.js`

## External Plugins

Plugin         |Status|Compatible with latest Clappr|URL|
---------------|---|---|---|---|---
Thumbnails on seekbar| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/tjenkinson/clappr-thumbnails-plugin
Markers       | Ready | Yes | https://github.com/tjenkinson/clappr-markers-plugin
Level Selector| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/clappr/clappr-level-selector-plugin
360 videos| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/thiagopnts/video-360
Chromecast| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/clappr/clappr-chromecast-plugin
DASH with shaka| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/clappr/dash-shaka-playback
RTMP           | Ready | Yes | https://github.com/clappr/clappr-rtmp-plugin
HLS+P2P        | Ready | [WIP](https://github.com/bemtv/clappr-p2phls-plugin/issues/148) | http://bem.tv
Comments on seekbar| Ready | ? | http://labs.jordane.net/clappr-comment/
Voice control| Ready | ? | https://github.com/flavioribeiro/clappr-speech-control-plugin
Dash           | WIP | No | https://github.com/shankardevy/clappr-dash-plugin
Youtube        | Ready | No | https://github.com/towerz/clappr-youtube-playback

## Built-in Plugins & Embed Parameters

All parameters listed below shall be added on `Clappr.Player` object instantiation. Example:
```javascript
var player = new Clappr.Player({
  source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
  parameter1: "value1",
  parameter2: "value2",
});
```

##### Player Size
You can set the player size setting `width` and `height` parameters.

##### Player Location
You can specify where the player should be attached to using either the `parentId`, or `parent` option. `parentId` should be the id of the element you would like the player to be inserted into, or `parent` should be set to a reference to a dom element.

##### Auto Play
Add `autoPlay: true` if you want the video to automatically play after page load.

##### Loop
Add `loop: true` if you want the video to automatically replay after it ends.

##### Chromeless
Add `chromeless: 'true'` if you want the player to act in chromeless mode.

##### Mute
Add `mute: true` if you want to start player with no sound.

##### Add mimeType for extension-less url
Add `mimeType: "mimetype-for-media"` if you need to use a media url without extension.

##### Actual live time
Add `actualLiveTime: true` if you want the time in the seek bar to be according to actual time.
Add `actualLiveServerTime: "2015/11/26 06:01:03"` if you want the time in the seek bar to match with a specified time.

##### Configuration persistance
Add `persistConfig: false` if you don't want to persist player's volume through your videos, by **default it saves**. These configuration are being saved at user's browser ([through localStorage](http://diveintohtml5.info/storage.html)).

##### Playback not supported custom message
Add `playbackNotSupportedMessage: 'Please try on a different browser'` to define a custom message to be displayed when a playback is not supported.

##### Preload
In case you're loading a on demand video (mp4), it's possible to define the way the video will be preloaded according to [preload](http://www.stevesouders.com/blog/2013/04/12/html5-video-preload/) attribute options. Add `preload: <type>` on embed parameters. By default, Clappr will try to download only video metadata (`preload: 'metadata'`).

##### HLS Buffer Length
The default behavior for the HLS playback is to keep buffering indefinitely, even on VoD. This replicates the behavior for progressive download, which continues buffering when pausing the video, thus making the video available for playback even on slow networks. To change this behavior, add `maxBufferLength: <value>` to embed parameters, where `value` is in seconds.

##### Google Analytics Plugin
Enable Google Analytics events dispatch (play/pause/stop/buffering/etc) adding your `gaAccount`. Optionally, pass your favorite trackerName as `gaTrackerName`. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
  	source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
	gaAccount: 'UA-44332211-1',
	gaTrackerName: 'MyPlayerInstance'
  });
```

##### Control bar colors
Customize control bar colors adding `mediacontrol` hash. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    mediacontrol: {seekbar: "#E113D3", buttons: "#66B2FF"}
  });
```
Result:

![Clappr with modified media control colors](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.clappr.io/screenshot.png)

I'm sure you can do better than me.

For advanced configuration, you can create an entire `MediaControl` object. At its most basic,
you might consider subclassing the base `MediaControl` and using your own custom HTML and CSS.

```javascript
  // ES6-style code shown
  class MyMediaControl extends Clappr.MediaControl {
    get template() {
      return Clappr.template(
        `<div>My HTML here based on clappr/src/components/media_control/public/media-control.html</div>`
      )
    }
    get stylesheet () {
      return Clappr.Styler.getStyleFor(
        `.my-css-class { /* based on clappr/src/components/media_control/public/media-control.scss */ }`
      )
    }
    constructor(options) {
        super(options);
    }
  }
  let player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    mediacontrol: MyMediaControl
  });
```

##### Media Control Auto Hide

If you want to disable media control auto hide, add `hideMediaControl: false` in your embed parameters.

##### Hide Volume Bar

When embedded with width less than 320, volume bars are hidden. You can force this behavior for all sizes by adding `hideVolumeBar: true`.

##### Watermark
Put `watermark: http://url/img.png` on your embed parameters to automatically add watermark on your video. Choose corner position by defining position parameter. Positions can be `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`, `top-left` and `top-right`. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    watermark: "http://url/img.png", position: 'top-right'
  });
```

##### Poster
Define a poster by adding `poster: http://url/img.png` on your embed parameters. It will appear after video embed, disappear on play and go back when user stops the video.

##### Stats
Clappr has a native statistics plugin that accounts QoE metrics such playing time, rebuffering time, total rebuffers, etc. Metrics report happens periodically, learn how to access these numbers on [Create your own plugin](https://github.com/globocom/generator-clappr-plugin) session.

##### Automatically Seek To Point Specified in URL
By default if the URL contains a time then the media will seek to this point. E.g. example.com?t=100 would start the media at 100 seconds in.
To disable this add `autoSeekFromUrl: false`.

##### Disable HTML5 Video Context Menu
Add `disableVideoTagContextMenu: true` to disable the context menu (right click) on the HTML5 video element (in the case where a HTML5 playback is used).

### Status

Clappr is under heavy development but production-ready. Feel free to open issues and send us pull requests.

### Documentation

You can find it [here](http://clappr.github.io/).

### Installing for production
The project is on npm at https://www.npmjs.com/package/clappr

`npm install clappr --save-dev`

You should specify the base url for where the assets are located using the `baseUrl` option:
```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
  	source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
	baseUrl: "http://example.com/assets/clappr"
  });
```
In the above case clappr will expect all of the [assets (in the dist folder)](https://github.com/clappr/clappr/tree/master/dist) to be accessible at "http://example.com/assets/clappr".
You need to arrange for the assets to be located at `baseUrl` during your build process.

#### Installing for [webpack](https://webpack.github.io/)
By default webpack will look at the `browser` field in `package.json` and use the built version of the project. If this is all you want there is nothing else for you to do.

If you would like to build the project yourself into your project during your build process then add the following to your webpack config:
```javascript
resolve: {
    alias: { Clappr: 'clappr/src/main.js' },
    root: [path.resolve(__dirname, 'node_modules/clappr/src')],
    extensions: ['', '.js'],
}
```

#### Installing for [browserify](http://browserify.org/)
Browserify will look at the `browser` field in `package.json` and use the built verison of the project.

### Installing for development

Then enter the project directory and install the dependencies:

`npm install`

Make your changes and run the tests:

`npm test`

Build your own version:

`npm run build`

Check the result on `dist/` folder.

Starting a local server:

`npm run start`

This command will start a HTTP Server on port 8080, you can check a sample page with Clappr on http://localhost:8080/webpack-dev-server/

### Guideline to open an issue (bug)

Please, try to follow this to open new bugs (questions, suggestions and others are welcome)

For the **issue title**: A **meaningful title** (like: HLS doesn't work at windows 10). Try to **avoid helpless title** (like: it doesn't work, IE10, bug, problem)

**Be sure to**:

* Reproduce the bug at http://cdn.clappr.io/
* Search for similar open/closed issues on this matter before open a new one.

For the **issue body**:
<hr>

**Browser**: YOUR BROWSER (ex: Chrome Version 46.0.2490.80, Firefox, IE)

**OS**: YOUR OS (ex: Mac OS 10.11.1, iOS9, android4.5)

**Clappr Version**: 0.2.25

**Steps to reproduce**:

* first step
* then second step
* I was expecting X but instead it shows Y

ps: you can attach images, logs or whatever you think might be helpful.
<hr>

### Contributors

The culprits of this project are listed [here](https://github.com/globocom/clappr/graphs/contributors).

### Contributing

In general, we follow the fork-and-pull git workflow:

1. Fork the repository on GitHub
2. Commit changes to a branch in your fork
3. Pull request "upstream" with your changes
4. Merge changes in to "upstream" repository

:warning: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request.

### Sponsor

[![image](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/244265/5900100/ef156258-a54b-11e4-9862-7e5851ed9b81.png)](http://globo.com)

Commit message:

keep poster open for audio-only broadcasts. support options.audioOnly hint for HLS.

README.md, after:

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/clappr.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/clappr)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/clappr/clappr.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/clappr/clappr)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/clappr/clappr.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/clappr/clappr)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/clappr/clappr/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/clappr/clappr?branch=master)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3--Clause-blue.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3--Clause-blue.svg)
<div align=center>
<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/244265/6373134/a845eb50-bce7-11e4-80f2-592ba29972ab.png"><br><br>
<img src="https://i.cloudup.com/GSbXxvCsBK.png">
</div>

### Using the Player

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/clappr/clappr](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/clappr/clappr?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Add the following script on your HTML:
```html
<head>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/clappr/latest/clappr.min.js"></script>
</head>
```
Now, create the player:
```html
<body>
  <div id="player"></div>
  <script>
    var player = new Clappr.Player({source: "http://your.video/here.mp4", parentId: "#player"});
  </script>
</body>
```

## Supported Formats

Format         |HLS|MP4|MP3|WEBM| DASH | RTMP | JPG/PNG/GIF |
---------------|---|---|---|----|------|------|-------------|
IE10           | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ✘ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
IE11           | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
Microsoft Edge | ✔ | ✔ | ? |  ? | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ? | ?
Firefox        | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✔ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
Chrome         | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✔ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
Safari         | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✔
iPhone         | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ✘ | ✘ | ✔
iPad           | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ✘ | ✘ | ✔
Android        | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |  ✘ | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✘ | ✔
WiiU Browser   | ✔ | ✔ | ✘ |  ? | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✘ | ✔
PS4 Browser    | ✔ | ✔ | ✘ |  ? | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) | ✘ | ✔

![rtmp](http://flv.io/external3.png) means that the support is made by an external plugin.

## CDN

You can use the latest published version at `https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/clappr/latest/clappr.min.js`

## External Plugins

Plugin         |Status|Compatible with latest Clappr|URL|
---------------|---|---|---|---|---
Thumbnails on seekbar| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/tjenkinson/clappr-thumbnails-plugin
Markers       | Ready | Yes | https://github.com/tjenkinson/clappr-markers-plugin
Level Selector| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/clappr/clappr-level-selector-plugin
360 videos| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/thiagopnts/video-360
Chromecast| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/clappr/clappr-chromecast-plugin
DASH with shaka| Ready | Yes | https://github.com/clappr/dash-shaka-playback
RTMP           | Ready | Yes | https://github.com/clappr/clappr-rtmp-plugin
HLS+P2P        | Ready | [WIP](https://github.com/bemtv/clappr-p2phls-plugin/issues/148) | http://bem.tv
Comments on seekbar| Ready | ? | http://labs.jordane.net/clappr-comment/
Voice control| Ready | ? | https://github.com/flavioribeiro/clappr-speech-control-plugin
Dash           | WIP | No | https://github.com/shankardevy/clappr-dash-plugin
Youtube        | Ready | No | https://github.com/towerz/clappr-youtube-playback

## Built-in Plugins & Embed Parameters

All parameters listed below shall be added on `Clappr.Player` object instantiation. Example:
```javascript
var player = new Clappr.Player({
  source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
  parameter1: "value1",
  parameter2: "value2",
});
```

##### Player Size
You can set the player size setting `width` and `height` parameters.

##### Player Location
You can specify where the player should be attached to using either the `parentId`, or `parent` option. `parentId` should be the id of the element you would like the player to be inserted into, or `parent` should be set to a reference to a dom element.

##### Auto Play
Add `autoPlay: true` if you want the video to automatically play after page load.

##### Loop
Add `loop: true` if you want the video to automatically replay after it ends.

##### Chromeless
Add `chromeless: 'true'` if you want the player to act in chromeless mode.

##### Mute
Add `mute: true` if you want to start player with no sound.

##### Add mimeType for extension-less url
Add `mimeType: "mimetype-for-media"` if you need to use a media url without extension.

##### Actual live time
Add `actualLiveTime: true` if you want the time in the seek bar to be according to actual time.
Add `actualLiveServerTime: "2015/11/26 06:01:03"` if you want the time in the seek bar to match with a specified time.

##### Configuration persistance
Add `persistConfig: false` if you don't want to persist player's volume through your videos, by **default it saves**. These configuration are being saved at user's browser ([through localStorage](http://diveintohtml5.info/storage.html)).

##### Playback not supported custom message
Add `playbackNotSupportedMessage: 'Please try on a different browser'` to define a custom message to be displayed when a playback is not supported.

##### Preload
In case you're loading a on demand video (mp4), it's possible to define the way the video will be preloaded according to [preload](http://www.stevesouders.com/blog/2013/04/12/html5-video-preload/) attribute options. Add `preload: <type>` on embed parameters. By default, Clappr will try to download only video metadata (`preload: 'metadata'`).

##### HLS Buffer Length
The default behavior for the HLS playback is to keep buffering indefinitely, even on VoD. This replicates the behavior for progressive download, which continues buffering when pausing the video, thus making the video available for playback even on slow networks. To change this behavior, add `maxBufferLength: <value>` to embed parameters, where `value` is in seconds.

##### Google Analytics Plugin
Enable Google Analytics events dispatch (play/pause/stop/buffering/etc) adding your `gaAccount`. Optionally, pass your favorite trackerName as `gaTrackerName`. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
  	source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
	gaAccount: 'UA-44332211-1',
	gaTrackerName: 'MyPlayerInstance'
  });
```

##### Control bar colors
Customize control bar colors adding `mediacontrol` hash. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    mediacontrol: {seekbar: "#E113D3", buttons: "#66B2FF"}
  });
```
Result:

![Clappr with modified media control colors](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.clappr.io/screenshot.png)

I'm sure you can do better than me.

For advanced configuration, you can create an entire `MediaControl` object. At its most basic,
you might consider subclassing the base `MediaControl` and using your own custom HTML and CSS.

```javascript
  // ES6-style code shown
  class MyMediaControl extends Clappr.MediaControl {
    get template() {
      return Clappr.template(
        `<div>My HTML here based on clappr/src/components/media_control/public/media-control.html</div>`
      )
    }
    get stylesheet () {
      return Clappr.Styler.getStyleFor(
        `.my-css-class { /* based on clappr/src/components/media_control/public/media-control.scss */ }`
      )
    }
    constructor(options) {
        super(options);
    }
  }
  let player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    mediacontrol: MyMediaControl
  });
```

##### Media Control Auto Hide

If you want to disable media control auto hide, add `hideMediaControl: false` in your embed parameters.

##### Hide Volume Bar

When embedded with width less than 320, volume bars are hidden. You can force this behavior for all sizes by adding `hideVolumeBar: true`.

##### Watermark
Put `watermark: http://url/img.png` on your embed parameters to automatically add watermark on your video. Choose corner position by defining position parameter. Positions can be `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`, `top-left` and `top-right`. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    watermark: "http://url/img.png", position: 'top-right'
  });
```

##### Poster
Define a poster image by adding `poster: 'http://url/img.png'` on your player options. It will appear after video embed, disappear on play and go back when user stops the video. For audio broadcasts, the poster stays up while playing.

##### Audio Only Hint
Some audio-only sources (e.g. HLS) cannot be easily detected as such; for that you can add `audioOnly: true` to the options so clappr knows to treat the source as such.

##### Stats
Clappr has a native statistics plugin that accounts QoE metrics such playing time, rebuffering time, total rebuffers, etc. Metrics report happens periodically, learn how to access these numbers on [Create your own plugin](https://github.com/globocom/generator-clappr-plugin) session.

##### Automatically Seek To Point Specified in URL
By default if the URL contains a time then the media will seek to this point. E.g. example.com?t=100 would start the media at 100 seconds in.
To disable this add `autoSeekFromUrl: false`.

##### Disable HTML5 Video Context Menu
Add `disableVideoTagContextMenu: true` to disable the context menu (right click) on the HTML5 video element (in the case where a HTML5 playback is used).

### Status

Clappr is under heavy development but production-ready. Feel free to open issues and send us pull requests.

### Documentation

You can find it [here](http://clappr.github.io/).

### Installing for production
The project is on npm at https://www.npmjs.com/package/clappr

`npm install clappr --save-dev`

You should specify the base url for where the assets are located using the `baseUrl` option:
```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
  	source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
	baseUrl: "http://example.com/assets/clappr"
  });
```
In the above case clappr will expect all of the [assets (in the dist folder)](https://github.com/clappr/clappr/tree/master/dist) to be accessible at "http://example.com/assets/clappr".
You need to arrange for the assets to be located at `baseUrl` during your build process.

#### Installing for [webpack](https://webpack.github.io/)
By default webpack will look at the `browser` field in `package.json` and use the built version of the project. If this is all you want there is nothing else for you to do.

If you would like to build the project yourself into your project during your build process then add the following to your webpack config:
```javascript
resolve: {
    alias: { Clappr: 'clappr/src/main.js' },
    root: [path.resolve(__dirname, 'node_modules/clappr/src')],
    extensions: ['', '.js'],
}
```

#### Installing for [browserify](http://browserify.org/)
Browserify will look at the `browser` field in `package.json` and use the built verison of the project.

### Installing for development

Then enter the project directory and install the dependencies:

`npm install`

Make your changes and run the tests:

`npm test`

Build your own version:

`npm run build`

Check the result on `dist/` folder.

Starting a local server:

`npm run start`

This command will start a HTTP Server on port 8080, you can check a sample page with Clappr on http://localhost:8080/webpack-dev-server/

### Guideline to open an issue (bug)

Please, try to follow this to open new bugs (questions, suggestions and others are welcome)

For the **issue title**: A **meaningful title** (like: HLS doesn't work at windows 10). Try to **avoid helpless title** (like: it doesn't work, IE10, bug, problem)

**Be sure to**:

* Reproduce the bug at http://cdn.clappr.io/
* Search for similar open/closed issues on this matter before open a new one.

For the **issue body**:
<hr>

**Browser**: YOUR BROWSER (ex: Chrome Version 46.0.2490.80, Firefox, IE)

**OS**: YOUR OS (ex: Mac OS 10.11.1, iOS9, android4.5)

**Clappr Version**: 0.2.25

**Steps to reproduce**:

* first step
* then second step
* I was expecting X but instead it shows Y

ps: you can attach images, logs or whatever you think might be helpful.
<hr>

### Contributors

The culprits of this project are listed [here](https://github.com/globocom/clappr/graphs/contributors).

### Contributing

In general, we follow the fork-and-pull git workflow:

1. Fork the repository on GitHub
2. Commit changes to a branch in your fork
3. Pull request "upstream" with your changes
4. Merge changes in to "upstream" repository

:warning: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request.

### Sponsor

[![image](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/244265/5900100/ef156258-a54b-11e4-9862-7e5851ed9b81.png)](http://globo.com)
