doc/BUILTIN_PLUGINS.md, before:

## Built-in Plugins & Embed Parameters

All parameters listed below shall be added on `Clappr.Player` object instantiation. Example:
```javascript
var player = new Clappr.Player({
  source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
  parameter1: "value1",
  parameter2: "value2",
});
```

##### Player Size
You can set the player size setting `width` and `height` parameters.

##### Player Location
You can specify where the player should be attached to using either the `parentId`, or `parent` option. `parentId` should be the id of the element you would like the player to be inserted into, or `parent` should be set to a reference to a dom element.

##### Auto Play
Add `autoPlay: true` if you want the video to automatically play after page load.

By default, Clappr player will do its best to detect if the browser can play video automatically. If you want to disable this behaviour, add `disableCanAutoPlay: true` parameter.

##### Loop
Add `loop: true` if you want the video to automatically replay after it ends.

##### Chromeless
Add `chromeless: true` if you want the player to act in chromeless mode.

##### Internationalization (I18N)
You can force the player to use a specific language `language` and you can also provide your own translations.

```javascript
var options = {
  source: 'example.com/example.mpd',
  language: 'pt-BR',
  strings: {
    'pt-BR': {
      'live': 'ao vivo',
      'back_to_live': 'voltar para o ao vivo',
      'disabled': 'Desativado',
      'playback_not_supported': 'Seu navegador não supporta a reprodução deste video. Por favor, tente usar um navegador diferente.'
     }
  }
}
```

If you want to provide your translations, create a PR by editing the [Strings](https://github.com/clappr/clappr/blob/master/src/plugins/strings.js#L36-L50) plugin.

##### Allow user interaction (in chromeless mode)
Add `allowUserInteraction: true` if you want the player to handle clicks/taps when in chromeless mode. By default it's set to `false` on desktop browsers, and `true` on mobile browsers (due to playback start only being allowed when started through user interaction).

##### Disable keyboard shortcuts.
Add `disableKeyboardShortcuts: true` if you want to disable keyboard control of the player. This is forced to `true` when `allowUserInteraction` is `false`.

##### Mute
Add `mute: true` if you want to start player with no sound.

##### Add mimeType for extension-less url
Add `mimeType: "mimetype-for-media"` if you need to use a media url without extension.

##### Actual live time
Add `actualLiveTime: true` if you want the time in the seek bar to be according to actual time.
Add `actualLiveServerTime: "2015/11/26 06:01:03"` if you want the time in the seek bar to match with a specified time.

##### Configuration persistance
Add `persistConfig: false` if you don't want to persist player's volume through your videos, by **default it saves**. These configuration are being saved at user's browser ([through localStorage](http://diveintohtml5.info/storage.html)).

##### Playback not supported custom message
Add `playbackNotSupportedMessage: 'Please try on a different browser'` to define a custom message to be displayed when a playback is not supported.

##### Preload
In case you're loading a on demand video (mp4), it's possible to define the way the video will be preloaded according to [preload](http://www.stevesouders.com/blog/2013/04/12/html5-video-preload/) attribute options. Add `preload: <type>` on embed parameters. By default, Clappr will try to download only video metadata (`preload: 'metadata'`).

### Playback configuration
The configuration for the playback, it's still only compatible with `html5_video` playback (and derived).

```javascript
{
  playback: {
    preload: 'metadata',
    controls: true,
    playInline: true, // allows inline playback when running on iOS UIWebview
    crossOrigin: 'use-credentials',
    recycleVideo: Clappr.Browser.isMobile, // Recycle <video> element only for mobile. (default is false)
    externalTracks: [ // Add external <track> (if supported by browser, see also https://www.w3.org/TR/html5/embedded-content-0.html#the-track-element)
      {lang: 'en', label: 'English', src: 'http://example.com/en.vtt', kind: 'subtitles'},
      {lang: 'fr', label: 'French', src: 'http://example.com/fr.vtt'} // 'kind' default value is 'subtitles'
    ]
  }
}
```
#### HLS configuration

All options to configure the HLS playback should be under `playback`. Any specific settings for hls.js should be in the option `hlsjsConfig`:

```javascript
{
  playback: {
    hlsjsConfig: {
      // hls.js specific options
    }
  }
}
```

##### HLS level switch
The default behavior for the HLS playback is to use [hls.currentLevel](https://github.com/video-dev/hls.js/blob/master/docs/API.md#hlscurrentlevel) to switch current level. To change this behaviour and force HLS playback to use [hls.nextLevel](https://github.com/video-dev/hls.js/blob/master/docs/API.md#hlsnextlevel), add `hlsUseNextLevel: true` to embed parameters. (default value is false)

Ex:
```javascript
{
  playback: {
    hlsUseNextLevel: true
  }
}
```

##### HLS Buffer Length
The default behavior for the HLS playback is to keep buffering indefinitely, even on VoD. This replicates the behavior for progressive download, which continues buffering when pausing the video, thus making the video available for playback even on slow networks. To change this behavior, add `maxMaxBufferLength: <value>` to embed parameters, where `value` is in seconds.

```javascript
{
  playback: {
    hlsjsConfig: {
      maxMaxBufferLength: value
    }
  }
}
```

##### Closed Captions Plugin
Customize the labels and title:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    closedCaptionsConfig: {
      title: 'Subtitles', // default is none
      ariaLabel: 'Closed Captions', // Default is 'cc-button'
      labelCallback: function (track) { return track.name }, // track is an object with id, name and track properties (track is TextTrack object)
    },
  });
```

##### Google Analytics Plugin
Enable Google Analytics events dispatch (play/pause/stop/buffering/etc) adding your `gaAccount`. Optionally, pass your favorite trackerName as `gaTrackerName`. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
  	source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
	gaAccount: 'UA-44332211-1',
	gaTrackerName: 'MyPlayerInstance'
  });
```

##### Control bar colors
Customize control bar colors adding `mediacontrol` hash. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    mediacontrol: {seekbar: "#E113D3", buttons: "#66B2FF"}
  });
```
Result:

![Clappr with modified media control colors](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.clappr.io/screenshot.png)

I'm sure you can do better than me.

For advanced configuration, you can create an entire `MediaControl` object. At its most basic,
you might consider subclassing the base `MediaControl` and using your own custom HTML and CSS.

```javascript
  // ES6-style code shown
  class MyMediaControl extends Clappr.MediaControl {
    get template() {
      return Clappr.template(
        `<div>My HTML here based on clappr/src/components/media_control/public/media-control.html</div>`
      )
    }
    get stylesheet () {
      return Clappr.Styler.getStyleFor(
        `.my-css-class { /* based on clappr/src/components/media_control/public/media-control.scss */ }`
      )
    }
    constructor(options) {
        super(options);
    }
  }
  let player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    plugins: { core: MyMediaControl }
  });
```

##### Media Control Auto Hide

If you want to disable media control auto hide, add `hideMediaControl: false` in your embed parameters.

If you want to change the default media control auto hide timeout value, add `hideMediaControlDelay: 2000` in your embed parameters. (delay in milliseconds)

##### Hide Volume Bar

When embedded with width less than 320, volume bars are hidden. You can force this behavior for all sizes by adding `hideVolumeBar: true`.

##### Watermark
Put `watermark: http://url/img.png` on your embed parameters to automatically add watermark on your video. Choose corner position by defining position parameter. Positions can be `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`, `top-left` and `top-right`. To define an URL to open when the watermark is clicked, use watermarkLink parameter. If the watermarkLink parameter not defined, the watermark will not be clickable. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    watermark: "http://url/img.png", position: 'top-right',
    watermarkLink: "http://example.net/"
  });
```

##### Poster
Define a poster image by adding `poster: 'http://url/img.png'` on your player options. It will appear after video embed, disappear on play and go back when user stops the video. For audio broadcasts, the poster stays up while playing.

##### Audio Only Hint
Some audio-only sources (e.g. HLS) cannot be easily detected as such; for that you can add `audioOnly: true` to the options so clappr knows to treat the source as such.

##### Stats
Clappr has a native statistics plugin that accounts QoE metrics such playing time, rebuffering time, total rebuffers, etc. Metrics report happens periodically, learn how to access these numbers on [Create your own plugin](https://github.com/globocom/generator-clappr-plugin) session.

##### Automatically Seek To Point Specified in URL
By default if the URL contains a time then the media will seek to this point. E.g. example.com?t=100 would start the media at 100 seconds in.
To disable this add `autoSeekFromUrl: false`.

##### Disable HTML5 Video Context Menu
Add `disableVideoTagContextMenu: true` to disable the context menu (right click) on the HTML5 video element (in the case where a HTML5 playback is used).

##### Disable Exiting Full Screen When Media Ends
By default the player will automatically exit full screen when the media ends. To disable this add `exitFullscreenOnEnd: false` on your player options.

Commit message:

docs(builtin-plugin): add triggerFatalErrorOnResourceDenied playback option

doc/BUILTIN_PLUGINS.md, after:

## Built-in Plugins & Embed Parameters

All parameters listed below shall be added on `Clappr.Player` object instantiation. Example:
```javascript
var player = new Clappr.Player({
  source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
  parameter1: "value1",
  parameter2: "value2",
});
```

##### Player Size
You can set the player size setting `width` and `height` parameters.

##### Player Location
You can specify where the player should be attached to using either the `parentId`, or `parent` option. `parentId` should be the id of the element you would like the player to be inserted into, or `parent` should be set to a reference to a dom element.

##### Auto Play
Add `autoPlay: true` if you want the video to automatically play after page load.

By default, Clappr player will do its best to detect if the browser can play video automatically. If you want to disable this behaviour, add `disableCanAutoPlay: true` parameter.

##### Loop
Add `loop: true` if you want the video to automatically replay after it ends.

##### Chromeless
Add `chromeless: true` if you want the player to act in chromeless mode.

##### Internationalization (I18N)
You can force the player to use a specific language `language` and you can also provide your own translations.

```javascript
var options = {
  source: 'example.com/example.mpd',
  language: 'pt-BR',
  strings: {
    'pt-BR': {
      'live': 'ao vivo',
      'back_to_live': 'voltar para o ao vivo',
      'disabled': 'Desativado',
      'playback_not_supported': 'Seu navegador não supporta a reprodução deste video. Por favor, tente usar um navegador diferente.'
     }
  }
}
```

If you want to provide your translations, create a PR by editing the [Strings](https://github.com/clappr/clappr/blob/master/src/plugins/strings.js#L36-L50) plugin.

##### Allow user interaction (in chromeless mode)
Add `allowUserInteraction: true` if you want the player to handle clicks/taps when in chromeless mode. By default it's set to `false` on desktop browsers, and `true` on mobile browsers (due to playback start only being allowed when started through user interaction).

##### Disable keyboard shortcuts.
Add `disableKeyboardShortcuts: true` if you want to disable keyboard control of the player. This is forced to `true` when `allowUserInteraction` is `false`.

##### Mute
Add `mute: true` if you want to start player with no sound.

##### Add mimeType for extension-less url
Add `mimeType: "mimetype-for-media"` if you need to use a media url without extension.

##### Actual live time
Add `actualLiveTime: true` if you want the time in the seek bar to be according to actual time.
Add `actualLiveServerTime: "2015/11/26 06:01:03"` if you want the time in the seek bar to match with a specified time.

##### Configuration persistance
Add `persistConfig: false` if you don't want to persist player's volume through your videos, by **default it saves**. These configuration are being saved at user's browser ([through localStorage](http://diveintohtml5.info/storage.html)).

##### Playback not supported custom message
Add `playbackNotSupportedMessage: 'Please try on a different browser'` to define a custom message to be displayed when a playback is not supported.

##### Preload
In case you're loading a on demand video (mp4), it's possible to define the way the video will be preloaded according to [preload](http://www.stevesouders.com/blog/2013/04/12/html5-video-preload/) attribute options. Add `preload: <type>` on embed parameters. By default, Clappr will try to download only video metadata (`preload: 'metadata'`).

### Playback configuration
The configuration for the playback, it's still only compatible with `html5_video` playback (and derived).

```javascript
{
  playback: {
    preload: 'metadata',
    controls: true,
    playInline: true, // allows inline playback when running on iOS UIWebview
    crossOrigin: 'use-credentials',
    recycleVideo: Clappr.Browser.isMobile, // Recycle <video> element only for mobile. (default is false)
    triggerFatalErrorOnResourceDenied: true, // Triggers playback fatal error if resource is denied. (default is false)
    externalTracks: [ // Add external <track> (if supported by browser, see also https://www.w3.org/TR/html5/embedded-content-0.html#the-track-element)
      {lang: 'en', label: 'English', src: 'http://example.com/en.vtt', kind: 'subtitles'},
      {lang: 'fr', label: 'French', src: 'http://example.com/fr.vtt'} // 'kind' default value is 'subtitles'
    ]
  }
}
```

With HLS.JS playback, if `triggerFatalErrorOnResourceDenied` is set to true, it will triggers a playback fatal error event if decrypt key http response code is greater than or equal to 400. (Default behaviour is to automatically retry key request). This option is used to attempt to reproduce iOS devices behaviour which internally use html5 video playback.

#### HLS configuration

All options to configure the HLS playback should be under `playback`. Any specific settings for hls.js should be in the option `hlsjsConfig`:

```javascript
{
  playback: {
    hlsjsConfig: {
      // hls.js specific options
    }
  }
}
```

##### HLS level switch
The default behavior for the HLS playback is to use [hls.currentLevel](https://github.com/video-dev/hls.js/blob/master/docs/API.md#hlscurrentlevel) to switch current level. To change this behaviour and force HLS playback to use [hls.nextLevel](https://github.com/video-dev/hls.js/blob/master/docs/API.md#hlsnextlevel), add `hlsUseNextLevel: true` to embed parameters. (default value is false)

Ex:
```javascript
{
  playback: {
    hlsUseNextLevel: true
  }
}
```

##### HLS Buffer Length
The default behavior for the HLS playback is to keep buffering indefinitely, even on VoD. This replicates the behavior for progressive download, which continues buffering when pausing the video, thus making the video available for playback even on slow networks. To change this behavior, add `maxMaxBufferLength: <value>` to embed parameters, where `value` is in seconds.

```javascript
{
  playback: {
    hlsjsConfig: {
      maxMaxBufferLength: value
    }
  }
}
```

##### Closed Captions Plugin
Customize the labels and title:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    closedCaptionsConfig: {
      title: 'Subtitles', // default is none
      ariaLabel: 'Closed Captions', // Default is 'cc-button'
      labelCallback: function (track) { return track.name }, // track is an object with id, name and track properties (track is TextTrack object)
    },
  });
```

##### Google Analytics Plugin
Enable Google Analytics events dispatch (play/pause/stop/buffering/etc) adding your `gaAccount`. Optionally, pass your favorite trackerName as `gaTrackerName`. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
  	source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
	gaAccount: 'UA-44332211-1',
	gaTrackerName: 'MyPlayerInstance'
  });
```

##### Control bar colors
Customize control bar colors adding `mediacontrol` hash. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    mediacontrol: {seekbar: "#E113D3", buttons: "#66B2FF"}
  });
```
Result:

![Clappr with modified media control colors](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.clappr.io/screenshot.png)

I'm sure you can do better than me.

For advanced configuration, you can create an entire `MediaControl` object. At its most basic,
you might consider subclassing the base `MediaControl` and using your own custom HTML and CSS.

```javascript
  // ES6-style code shown
  class MyMediaControl extends Clappr.MediaControl {
    get template() {
      return Clappr.template(
        `<div>My HTML here based on clappr/src/components/media_control/public/media-control.html</div>`
      )
    }
    get stylesheet () {
      return Clappr.Styler.getStyleFor(
        `.my-css-class { /* based on clappr/src/components/media_control/public/media-control.scss */ }`
      )
    }
    constructor(options) {
        super(options);
    }
  }
  let player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    plugins: { core: MyMediaControl }
  });
```

##### Media Control Auto Hide

If you want to disable media control auto hide, add `hideMediaControl: false` in your embed parameters.

If you want to change the default media control auto hide timeout value, add `hideMediaControlDelay: 2000` in your embed parameters. (delay in milliseconds)

##### Hide Volume Bar

When embedded with width less than 320, volume bars are hidden. You can force this behavior for all sizes by adding `hideVolumeBar: true`.

##### Watermark
Put `watermark: http://url/img.png` on your embed parameters to automatically add watermark on your video. Choose corner position by defining position parameter. Positions can be `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`, `top-left` and `top-right`. To define an URL to open when the watermark is clicked, use watermarkLink parameter. If the watermarkLink parameter not defined, the watermark will not be clickable. Example:

```javascript
  var player = new Clappr.Player({
    source: "http://your.video/here.mp4",
    watermark: "http://url/img.png", position: 'top-right',
    watermarkLink: "http://example.net/"
  });
```

##### Poster
Define a poster image by adding `poster: 'http://url/img.png'` on your player options. It will appear after video embed, disappear on play and go back when user stops the video. For audio broadcasts, the poster stays up while playing.

##### Audio Only Hint
Some audio-only sources (e.g. HLS) cannot be easily detected as such; for that you can add `audioOnly: true` to the options so clappr knows to treat the source as such.

##### Stats
Clappr has a native statistics plugin that accounts QoE metrics such playing time, rebuffering time, total rebuffers, etc. Metrics report happens periodically, learn how to access these numbers on [Create your own plugin](https://github.com/globocom/generator-clappr-plugin) session.

##### Automatically Seek To Point Specified in URL
By default if the URL contains a time then the media will seek to this point. E.g. example.com?t=100 would start the media at 100 seconds in.
To disable this add `autoSeekFromUrl: false`.

##### Disable HTML5 Video Context Menu
Add `disableVideoTagContextMenu: true` to disable the context menu (right click) on the HTML5 video element (in the case where a HTML5 playback is used).

##### Disable Exiting Full Screen When Media Ends
By default the player will automatically exit full screen when the media ends. To disable this add `exitFullscreenOnEnd: false` on your player options.
